Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(SOFT MUSIC)
- ROSE: A long time ago
out of the vast darkness,
God created this wonderful
ride we call life.
He filled the world with
an abundance of beauty
and endless possibilities.
And yet we find ourselves
questioning his creation
and our very own existence.
Many people ask themselves
why are we put on this earth?
What is our purpose?
Why must we be challenged?
with are we faced with so
many heartaches and failures?
Why do bad things sometimes
happen to the very best of us?
And what does God have in store?
♪ This little light of mine ♪
♪ I'm gonna let it shine ♪
♪ Let it shine ♪
- Rosie.
♪ Let it ♪
- Come on.
- I don't wanna go.
- Come on, we have to.
It's for Mommy.
(SOFT MUSIC)
- Go.
- ROSE: My family was
my world, my purpose.
They kept me alive and smiling.
They're a constant reminder
of how great God is.
My sons Ryan and Tim were
the most sacred blessings
God has ever bestowed upon me.
I was their protector
and teacher.
I rejoiced when they rejoiced.
I hurt when they hurt.
I watched them in bewilderment.
Clung to them.
Did all I could
to keep them safe.
- Ma, have you gone
yet with the hopscotch?
- ROSE: No, you.
You first.
Ryan, aren't we
going to say grace?
- Is it Thanksgiving already?
- Did you really just say that?
- GRACE: Yes he did.
- Are we gonna have a Bible
study or are we gonna eat?
- TIM: That's enough, Ryan,
you're disappointing mom.
- Thank you, Lord, for this food
that we are about to receive.
Please bless this family.
Amen.
- Amen.
- You see what I saw?
- Yeah.
- It's too bad.
You gonna tell him
or you want me to?
- I'll do it.
- Alright.
Let him know I signed off on it.
- Will do.
You get the email?
- I haven't checked.
- Give it a look.
That's the Goodwin file.
- Did Doctor Harris
sign off on this?
- Yes.
- Okay.
What do you think?
- I think the X-rays
speaks for itself.
How much time do
you think she has?
- DOCTOR: She came
in too late for time.
- Poor thing.
- Yeah, she didn't
even know she had it.
- You want me to?
- No.
I'll do it.
(SOFT MUSIC)
Hello, Mister Goodwin.
Yes, this is Doctor Sherman.
I have the results
of your wife's test
and I would like you both
to come in and see me.
I'd rather discuss that with
you in person, Mister Goodwin.
Okay.
Thank you.
- ROSE: My poor Ian.
With no faith in God, who
would he turn to for comfort?
That's my boy, Ryan.
Company executive, family man.
He had it all.
But just when you're
feeling on top of the world,
darkness may be lurking
around the corner.
- Three.
Two.
Let's go.
Energy, energy.
- This is Robbie
Martin from Odensoft.
I'm calling about our
exciting new Gen 1.1 software.
- I'm calling to tell you about
an exciting new opportunity.
It's called Generation 1.1.
- You see, that's
how a company runs.
Companies run on efficiency
and Gen 1.1 is exactly it.
- This is Robbie from Odensoft.
I need to speak to the accountants
in charge of acquisition.
Hello, hello, hello.
- Just let's get on
the next call please.
- Gen 1.1 Linda.
- Gen 1.1, hi my name is Linda.
I'm gonna be in your area.
I'd like to talk to
you about the Gen 1.1.
- Anything you need
you come to me, okay?
- How am I supposed to know?
- Gotta keep trying.
- Robbie, it's
autograph time, buddy.
- Jay, how many of these
are you gonna ask me to do?
- As many as I want.
Thank you.
Can you just tighten
that up a little bit?
- If you don't like
how I do it, you sign.
- Sorry.
Please carry on.
Thank you.
- That's better.
- Thought you and
Ryan were friends?
- 20 years.
- These guys don't play fair.
They're not altar boys.
- Todd, what are
they talking about?
- Come on, Marty.
Sounds like sour grapes to me.
- I should give your
guys parking spots
they're in my territory so much.
Old man Rogers.
Goodwin and his team.
They've been trying to
steal the Kaufmann account
for a long time.
- I wanna see every one
of your sales managers.
I wanna see your salesmen.
I am livid.
- Morning boss.
- I know your team poached
all those accounts.
- Come on, Marty.
Show me one team
that closes deals
inside their region strictly.
Everybody does it
everywhere okay.
What's the big deal, Marty?
- So who signed the bottom
of those accounts, Jay?
Who signed off?
- Jay.
- JAY: What?
- Who signed the deals?
- That's better.
- Hey, you better give me a
name or you're getting fired.
- Ryan.
Look, it was Ryan's
idea in the first place.
I don't know who signed
'em but it was Ryan's idea.
- WOMAN: Mister
Goodwin, Todd would like
to see you in his office
as soon as possible.
- Todd's just gonna
have to wait a minute.
- Todd isn't waiting
for anything.
Get in the conference now.
- What is going on around here?
- Peko Instruments, Nondo
Cellular, Melville Lumber.
What's this all have
in common, Ryan?
- They're all deals
that my team has done
in the last few months.
What's the problem?
- Yeah, those are
deals your team did
in Long Island outside
of your territory.
You stole the accounts.
- Marty, nobody stole anything.
Okay?
- Explain yourself, Ryan.
- What did Jay have
to say about all this?
- Let's get him in here.
Tell Jay to get in here.
- Jay, would you help
me out here, please?
Explain to Mister English that
all of our deals are good.
- Mister English, all
of our deals are good.
- That's nice.
You know it's bad enough
the economy stinks
and we gotta lay people off,
and we got salesmen out
there just sucking wind,
and we cannot put
a team together,
but you have to assemble
a bunch of thieves.
- Ryan, if you can't offer
me a reasonable explanation
for this then my hands are tied
- Marty, you know as well,
sometimes things
get shuffled around,
but we always do
the right thing.
So all the sudden
you're gonna come at me
and like tell me that
this is a problem?
- You signed the paperwork.
You gave the blessing on
all of these accounts.
You got Jay Greer with
nine of these last quarter.
15 last quarter before that.
You got 16 from Tony Vespa.
21 from the Marino brothers.
En route to number
one in the country.
There's a little pattern here.
A little thievery pattern.
It's your team and
it's your signature
and it's your job on the line.
- ROSE: How quickly sometimes
the course of our lives change.
Little did Ryan know this
was just the beginning
of a very rough road for him.
- I've been with this
company a long time
I made you millions
of dollars, okay.
I've given you
everything I have.
- You're fired.
- Whoa, Marty.
You can't fire the best
manager in the entire office.
- Just did.
Why don't you get
up and get lost?
- Yes sir.
- TODD: Ryan, go
wait by my office.
- Is this really happening?
- We have a pamphlet
if you like.
- Todd, a pamphlet?
- It's not your fault.
It had to be done.
Someone had to take the fall.
- I know it's not
my fault but me?
I'm taking this very personally.
In fact, I'm thinking of coming
over that desk right now.
- Do you want me
to call security?
That the way you
want this to go?
Listen, you'll be alright, Ryan.
You'll land on your feet.
- What happened to you?
You're like a Judas.
I put this company before my
family for the last 26 years.
- We have counselors available
if you feel like you
need to talk to somebody.
- That's it?
- That's it.
- Hey Ryan.
You'll be fine.
- I'll be fine.
(ALARM BUZZING)
- ROSE: He felt such
disappointment and anger,
but chose not to share his
struggles with his wife.
It was never his way to open
up and show his vulnerability.
He needed to let us help him.
To let us into his heart.
♪ This little light of mine ♪
♪ I'm gonna let it shine ♪
(PHONE RINGING)
- Hi, Grace speaking.
- Hi Grace.
It's Judy Flomer.
- Hi Judy.
How are you?
- I'm fine.
I just wanted to
see how everyone is.
How's Ryan holding up?
- We're doing great.
Everything's great around here.
Kids are great.
Ryan's great.
- Where is he now?
- He's at work.
- He got a new job already?
That's great news.
- You didn't pour my coffee?
- I'm on the phone.
- What are you talking about?
Got a new job?
No, he's been working at
the office like everyday.
- You don't know?
Oh.
Todd fired Ryan three days ago.
I assumed you knew.
I'm so sorry.
- I'm so confused.
He didn't mention
anything to me.
- I'm so sorry.
If there's anything I can do?
- Thank you.
Bye.
Hi honey.
- Hey babe.
- How was work today?
- Good.
Great.
- What did you do at work?
- Same ole, same ole.
Why?
- Judy Flomer called me
asking how I was holding up.
I didn't know what she meant
until she told me her
husband fired you on Monday.
You've been putting on that suit
and going to work
for three days now.
- I didn't know how to tell you.
- I find out that not
only you're out of a job,
but you're keeping
secrets from me.
- That's not what
this was about.
- ROSE: Ryan's life was
spiraling out of control
and strain was being
placed on his marriage.
The one person he needed
most was drifting away.
- Hey Ry.
How's it going, man?
- Look at you.
Still going for a run
even in this weather.
- Hey, you know you
gotta stay fit, right?
- Tell me about it.
- So what's going on?
You took off of work today?
- They let me go.
- Get out of here!
You worked down
there far too long.
- So much for loyalty.
- So what are you gonna do now?
- I'll think of something.
- Amen.
Good seeing you.
- RYAN: You too.
- Mommy, how do
you play checkers?
- You don't know how to play?
- No.
- REPORTER: In
the month of June
coming in at one
and a half resell.
Now as we mentioned earlier--
- Daddy, come and play.
- I'm busy, honey.
- Come on, Dad.
- Kids, go upstairs, please.
Please.
- MAN: Most people have
been expecting this figure.
It's just the economy
has gone one way.
- You could make an effort.
Get some rest.
You're driving Chris
back to school tomorrow.
- ROSE: Ryan felt such regret.
His children once adored him
but now they were so distant.
He was no longer their light.
He did not know how
to connect with them.
Their love and admiration
seemed a distance memory.
- You okay, son?
- Just fine, thanks.
- You could've fooled me.
(SOFT MUSIC)
(PHONE RINGING)
- Hey buddy what's up?
I don't understand.
- ROSE: I wished he had
never gotten that call.
That place was a den of vipers.
The callous, cutthroat
corporate world was no place
for his gentle soul.
- Okay, right.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Thanks.
- Who was that?
- Jay.
They want me to
come back to work.
They wanna see me in
the office tomorrow.
- That's good news.
- Maybe it's not
such great news.
I've been demoted to sales.
- Honey, that is still good.
It's a job.
- Absolutely, yes.
I'll talk to you in a second.
Take care.
- Oh!
Woo!
- Another one.
- Absolutely yes.
- Bang 'em.
- Fantastic.
Ooh, looking good baby.
- I'll talk to you at one
o'clock Tuesday afternoon.
Got you.
Thanks a lot.
Got one.
- Hello?
Hello?
- Just representing
an outstanding product
from a company called Oden.
Who am I speaking with?
- Three, two, one.
Phones down.
How many appointments you got?
- MAN: Lucky 13.
- 13, my man.
Alright.
Hey, how many
appointments your guy got?
- 15.
- 15?
You closed them?
- Yeah.
- Very nice.
- Well thank you.
- Congratulations, welcome.
- Thanks.
- Very nice.
Congratulations.
Now beers on you.
How many appointments you got?
- Six.
- One dozen beers.
Beers.
Very nice.
Congrats bro.
Come on man.
We're superstars here.
How many appointments you got?
- 10.
- 10?
Okay, I like that.
That a boy.
Skinny and fat.
How 'bout you?
- 22 big bro.
- 22.
Are you kidding me?
22.
(GROUP CHEERING)
Madeline, how 'bout you?
- None.
Nine?
- No, none zero.
- MAN: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Boo.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Come on.
Which one of you guys
here never got a zero
on one of your phone blitzes?
Mister Perfection.
No see, let's be serious.
Exactly.
- RYAN: Don't
worry, sweetheart.
The more you do,
the easier it gets.
- Thank you, Mister Goodwin.
It's all about teamwork, guys.
We're a family.
How about you, Ryan,
how many appointments?
- Two.
- I don't believe you.
Tony.
- Congratulations,
Mister Manager.
- Thanks.
How many?
Give me good news.
- 17.
Bang that bell, bro.
- Goodnight, guys.
- Goodnight, Ryan.
- Let me ask you, Ryan.
From manager to cubicle,
what's that like?
- I tell you, Tony, it's
kind of hard to remember.
- You better start remembering.
You gotta make sales.
- ROSE: The devil
has many faces
and many ways to kick
you when you're down.
- Good luck, Ryan.
- ROSE: The last
thing Ryan needed
at this point in his
life was temptation.
- You think now we
can get that drink?
- Maybe, Trace.
I'll let you know.
- Glad you're back, Ry.
- I agree.
- Hey buddy.
- Good to have you back, man.
- Thanks.
- Listen, I was in Todd's
office for 45 minutes.
He almost fired me, too.
- Thank you for trying.
You've always looked out for me.
- What are friends for?
Glad you're back.
- Thanks buddy.
- Tomorrow alright.
- Have a goodnight.
- You too.
(SOFT MUSIC)
- Can you have them
order two more please?
- Two more.
- And I think we're
okay on everything else.
And did you order those
samples for the lab?
- I did.
They said that they would
come back in about two weeks.
- Two weeks, excellent.
- Did you get a chance
to look at Rose's file?
- I did, yes.
- And?
- You had a look at
the chart, right?
- I did but I felt
like you might be able
to see something that
no one else has seen.
- Well you saw that the cancer
has spread to her brain,
her stomach, her lungs, and
now it's in her lymph nodes.
Unfortunately there's
nothing we can do.
I give her maybe a few weeks.
Maybe a month.
- Weeks?
There isn't any trials or
anything that you can put her in?
Anything at all?
- It's too late.
There's no alternative
treatments?
She's done.
Sorry.
- Are you sure?
- Maybe if she came
a little sooner.
I don't understand what
your fascination is
with this patient.
You seem to be taking
this very hard.
- I'm friends with her son
and he's best friends
with my husband.
She's been my spiritual
inspiration for a very long time.
- The next thing to do would be
to look into hospice
care to make--
- No, no hospice.
I've been taking care
of her this whole time
and I'm gonna continue
taking care of her.
I think she would want that.
- Well, I know you're
a woman of faith,
so I hope that can
be of comfort to you.
- I think God will provide.
- Are you telling, Ryan?
- Uh uh.
I want nothing to do with that.
You should stay out of it, too.
Just email Ryan's
dad the results.
- Okay.
Are you going to church Sunday?
- I've got a big
presentation at the office.
- The kids would love
to see you though.
- I know.
The kids would also like to
go on vacation more too right?
You hold down the
fort at church.
I'll keep making money.
Gotta go.
- It's gonna be
great this weekend.
- I can't wait.
- What'd you tell your wife?
- Who cares?
She doesn't listen to me.
She listens to God.
She thinks he's a
better husband than me.
- Apparently.
- Let's see.
Here we go.
- ROSE: I tried to be strong.
I didn't want my family to know
just how sick I really was.
I was the heart of this family.
Any pain or sadness I felt, I
kept it locked inside of me.
- GIRL: Stings.
- And then the
honeybee says oh no.
I'm a honeybee.
I pollinate plants that make
fruits, vegetables, and nuts.
And the little girl says.
- But don't you sting?
- Man, look at him go.
- It's amazing right?
- He's unbelievable.
I don't know how he does it.
- ROSE: The boys
admired their dad.
He was always calm and
thoughtful with them.
He had a knack for saying
the right thing to the boys
while never passing judgment
or uttering a
hurtful word to them.
I sensed that Ryan saw
him as a role model
that he himself never
quite lived up to.
- How you guys doing?
- Everything's great, pop.
- What about you, Ryan?
- Doing okay.
- I don't think so.
- ROSE: A continuing
circle of light.
- Could I have a
word with you please?
- Sure Pop.
- Tim, excuse us, okay?
- You got it, Dad.
- It's not as bad as you think.
- I never had to deal with
anything like this in my life.
It's like everything
is piling up.
- Hi Grandpa.
- Hi baby.
- It's like they don't
even talk to me anymore.
- They're of the age
of independence of you.
It's the way life goes.
- Still for me it's like
everything's happening all at once.
It's like I can't even
breathe, you know.
Like I'm suffocating.
- Ryan, consider
yourself lucky, okay?
You're gonna be noticing people
falling on the right
and left of you.
Friends of yours are
gonna be seeking divorces.
- That's easy for you to say.
You and mom have
been rock solid.
- Yes.
Yes.
Times were easier then, Ryan.
A long time ago my grandpa
gave me this thing.
Look.
I was about 10, 12 years old.
And now it's a stone.
Smooth and polished with life
'cause it was like in
a current of a river,
and that's how we face life.
We try to absorb, look.
I'm gonna give this to you
'cause you're rough
like a rock now.
Like a rock.
But you won't get by that way.
You have to embrace
life, get smooth.
Breathe a little bit.
You can do it.
You don't wanna
remain a rock, do you?
No, no.
You become a polished,
articulate stone
just like your father (LAUGHS).
- Come on.
Okay.
- Are you sure you
know what you're doing?
- I think I remember, yes.
Call it.
- Three, two, one.
Blast off.
- One second.
Ready?
- It's okay, Daddy.
- TIM: Hey Pop.
- Hey.
- You still have this?
You remember it?
(GENTLE MUSIC)
- IAN: What you going
down memory lane?
- I haven't seen this in years.
- Remember you and
your goofy brother
used to fight all
the time over this.
I tried to glue it together.
I think you used to beat him up.
- We shot like a
million of these.
- Time certainly flies.
- So what do you got?
- MAN: What do you got?
Straight up to the six.
- MAN: Come on.
- Thank you.
- Why does Santa always win?
- Why is Santa here?
- That's not Santa.
He just looks like him.
- You must've said
your prayers last night
'cause you're
winning every time.
- That's not it.
Just better than
you guys at poker.
- I gotta newsflash
for you boys.
Prayer has nothing to do with it
and God doesn't care
who's winning a red chip
or a green chip or a blue chip.
- You know I agree with you.
You know why?
'Cause there is no God.
- Whatever You say, Aaron.
There is no God.
That's fine.
- You know, Joe, you're
pretty wishy washy.
Do you believe or
don't you believe?
Would you make up your mind?
- You know what Santa
Claus, give me some proof
and I'll believe in God.
- You want proof?
I'm your proof.
You wanna know when I found
God exists for a fact?
Tet Offensive in 1968.
Company got pinned down,
surrounded by all sides.
Got hit hard every area.
While you were selling cars
and you were doing God
knows whatever it is you do,
me and three guys were in a
foxhole trying to survive.
(BOMB EXPLODING)
(GUNS FIRING)
- Say a prayer again, Ted.
- Our father who art in heaven.
Hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done on
earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread
and forgive us our trespasses,
as we forgive those who
trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation
but deliver us from evil.
Forever and ever amen.
- If you were there,
you'd feel it, too.
Trust me.
Jesus was in my foxhole.
Deal!
(GENTLE MUSIC)
♪ Standing on the
shoulders of the morning ♪
- ROSE: Like myself Ian grew up
a strong disciple of God.
That all changed for him
on a fateful day in 1972.
♪ And that's rising
on the widow's peak ♪
♪ Of the afternoon ♪
♪ It's a long way home ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- WOMAN: Oh my God, Brian!
- ROSE: The images
of that dying boy
are with him every day even now.
He never stopped
blaming himself,
nor did he ever
stop blaming God.
He vowed never to step
foot in a church again.
- Dad, what's wrong?
- I have some terrible
things on my mind.
I have awful news.
I hate to tell you but
your mama's very sick.
She has cancer.
She's not gonna make it.
We've known for quite awhile,
but she didn't wanna
make everybody sad.
You know, grieve.
Sorry kids.
Try to keep this
away from Ryan, okay?
He has a lot on his
plate at the moment.
- Tim, these are
from six months ago.
- I have to call him.
(PHONE RINGING)
- RYAN: What's up?
- ROSE: My poor son.
He had so many problems.
It upset me that I only
added to his sorrows.
- You shouldn't have
found out that way.
I'm sorry.
- Doesn't matter, Pop.
- No hope.
Sorry, bud.
- I'm just gonna believe
everything's gonna be okay.
Whatever happens,
you're gonna be okay.
- Are you gonna be okay?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna take care
of this right now.
This can't go on.
It's gotta stop and
I'm gonna stop it.
I love you.
Okay alright.
Ryan.
- Kids, let's go
and see grandpa.
- Let's go guys.
- See you later.
So, what's going on in
that office is just,
it doesn't compare to
what you've already got,
what you've achieved.
What you've achieved is
this wonderful family
and you have to protect that.
They just don't deserve.
They don't deserve for you to
come home unhappy like that.
I mean the people
in that office,
they're meaningless
in the long run.
They're not important.
Your family is your security
and you have to
make them secure.
That's your job.
Your home.
That's your castle.
The children, you know they
need to see you strong.
You're their leader.
- RYAN: I sure don't
feel like the leader.
- You are, hun.
You are.
You're their leader.
You're strong.
You know what you are?
You're like a palm tree.
You know the palm tree
when there's a hurricane
and it blows it all the way over
and it goes to the ground
but it never cracks.
It comes right up again,
and the stress actually
makes it stronger.
- Grace is pretty upset, huh?
- Yes, she's very upset.
She's a love.
She takes such good care
of you and those children.
You're so lucky to have them.
I love every one of
them like I love you.
I just don't want this
whole thing in that office
to upset what you have.
- Warm enough?
- Yeah I'm fine.
- Hey.
- You beat up on your
brother yesterday?
- No.
- Good.
Hi sweetheart.
- Hi.
- I got some money.
- Hi Grandpa.
- Hi.
Papa is wealthy.
If you're nice to me, I
might give you a dollar.
Don't listen to mama.
Don't go so far.
- GRACE: Ladies, go
and play in the park.
- GIRL: Okay.
- IAN: Who took my 20?
- Thanks for having me.
- Every day is like a
birthday with you around.
- Love that cake.
Save me a piece alright.
Don't eat it all.
- Happy birthday.
- You have frosting
on your face.
- You're supposed to get it in
your mouth not on your face.
- Thanks for the tip, boss.
- WOMAN: Don't listen to him.
He's a complete mess.
- Long live the king.
- Goodness.
- Thank you.
- Look here.
You're still invited
to my daughter's
sweet 16 party tomorrow night.
You'll be there, right?
- Looking forward to it, Todd.
- Well that's wonderful
news, darling.
A nice party oughta
cheer you up.
♪ And it's only gonna
be this simple ♪
- Attention everybody.
Attention.
Is everybody having a good time?
- GROUP: Yes!
- Is everybody
having a good time?
- GROUP: Yes!
- Of course you are.
This a Todd Flomer party right?
- WOMAN: That's right.
- Who gives the best parties?
- MAN: You do.
- The Flomer's do.
- WOMAN: Always.
- Come on up.
My lovely Brittany.
So on this special day
your mom and I would like
to give you a gift.
Are you ready?
- Yes.
- Keys to your brand new car.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Now please, please.
Enjoy the rest of the party.
Thank you again.
(CROWD CHEERING)
♪ And when I finally did ♪
♪ I had a dream
of a dead friend ♪
♪ Who seemed to be
doing fine to me ♪
♪ You lead the way ♪
♪ I'll be behind ♪
♪ I won't think of
what I'll find ♪
♪ I'm walking in
with my eyes closed ♪
♪ Only God in heaven knows ♪
♪ I'm always feeling
better every morning ♪
♪ I can't believe
how I once new life ♪
♪ You'll see me when
your time is come ♪
♪ To finally know what love is ♪
♪ You'll be then ♪
- You doing okay?
- Yeah, doing just fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah why?
- Jay seems to be having a
really good time with your wife.
- We're all good friends
and we've known each
other since high school.
- That's sweet.
- ROSE: Every marriage
has its lowest moments
and this was certainly
it for Ryan and Grace.
- I really think you
should go over there.
- ROSE: Neither of them felt
about each other the
way they once had.
The strains of life
had pushed them apart.
♪ Who's to say anyway ♪
- ROSE: Was their
marriage, flawed as it was,
still worth saving,
still worth praying for?
♪ Always will and
it will always be ♪
♪ As long as you are with me ♪
- Hey buddy.
- I need to talk to you.
- Sure.
- What are you doing
talking to Jay for so long?
- He's your best friend.
- But that's not
what it looks like
in front of everybody else.
I have enough problems at work.
I don't need you
making things worse.
- What's in your head?
I'm just talking with Jay.
It's Jay!
- You're acting like an idiot.
- I'm your wife.
Your wife.!
(GENTLE MUSIC)
- Thanks for ruining my party.
- Jerk.
- Way to go Goodwin.
Brittany, come here.
♪ Again for you ♪
♪ It's times like this that I
know you'll see me through ♪
♪ My heart is hurting
to know your touch ♪
♪ Does heal ♪
♪ So hear this prayer
of praise Lord ♪
♪ As I kneel ♪
- Are we going?
The back tire needs air.
♪ When I think of his goodness ♪
♪ I know you can
do it once again ♪
♪ 'Cause you have
walked on water ♪
♪ Your hand has calmed the sea ♪
♪ The deaf they have
heard your voice ♪
♪ Please God calm
the storm for me ♪
♪ And you have fed
the thousands ♪
♪ Strengthen those
ones who are weak ♪
♪ All I ask is for
your forgiveness ♪
♪ And to calm this
storm for me ♪
- Come on.
- First day of the
month roll call.
Let's hear some
good numbers okay.
- 16 units for 350,000.
- TODD: Very nice.
- 41 units, 310,000.
- 34 units, 360,000.
- 27 units, 290,000.
- 51 units, 680,000.
- TODD: Wow.
- Teresa.
- Pass.
- 13 units, 240,000.
- Alright, what's
the total, Pauline?
- 119 units, 1.64 million.
- MAN: Ryan?
- He's not here?
Guys, nice solid month.
But listen, we're this
close from winning
the national sales
leadership award.
All we need to do is get
these guys off the wall.
And we should get it.
Alright?
Don't forget we have the
office football game coming up
and you know I'm a sore loser.
I don't wanna lose.
It's against Long Island.
We can take them, right?
- GROUP: Oh yeah.
- TODD: Let's have
a great month, guys.
- Todd, I'm sorry about Ryan.
- Where is he?
- He's not answering his phone.
- Here you go, boss.
- What's this?
- Marty wanted you to
authorize his transfer.
Back to Long Island.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
- Gentlemen.
- Where you been?
I been calling you all morning.
- I apologize.
I'm a little rusty and
kind of stressed out.
- Lots of it.
- Nobody misses my monthly
sales roll call meeting ever.
- I apologize, Todd.
It won't happen again.
- You know what?
I don't accept your apology.
- Ry, is everything alright?
Get it together.
- ROSE: My son had
hit rock bottom.
He could not succeed at work.
His marriage was in ruins.
His children had
lost sight of him.
And the one person that
loved him unconditionally,
who saw his greatness even
through his shortcomings,
she was dying.
I wanted to hold him, to
bandage up his bruises
like when he was a
child, but I was weak
and clinging to life myself.
The end of my days
were approaching.
Who would he run
to in my absence?
(GENTLE MUSIC)
- Stop.
This one is right.
There.
See.
It's so heavy.
- This one is purple.
Can you do it?
Perfect.
- Yes.
- GRACE: Perfect.
Really great.
- I hope.
- WOMAN: What's happening?
- Oh nothing.
We're just doing some work.
What are you doing home?
- In our own home?
I just got off work
and I came home.
- Should I go?
- No, Gia just stick around.
We're gonna finish that report
for Todd in a couple seconds.
- No, you should definitely
leave and take him with you.
There's the door.
- No, you should leave.
- Excuse me?
Are you kidding me?
She just told me to
leave my own home!
- We're just doing
some work alright.
You're coming in here screaming.
Stay where you are.
Don't worry about it.
- Jay, you are a
horrible, horrible person.
You hurt your friends.
You hurt me.
I will not allow you
to hurt our children.
- They are my children
and this is my house.
Get out.
- Jay, I have been praying
for you for such a long time
and this is how you repay me?
You bring someone like
this in our house.
Our house.
Do you understand this?
- We are just doing some work.
- Why Jay?
It's clear you're not
just doing some work.
You haven't been doing some work
for a long time, haven't you?
Why Jay?
- We are working.
- God put us together and we
are going to stay together.
Do you understand that?
Jay, come and talk to me.
Tell me what's happening.
- Maybe you should just
take it up with God.
- You are not worthy
of any of us, Jay.
- Sorry about that.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪ I need thee every hour ♪
- ROSE: Not every story
has a happy ending,
but life does go on.
She was embarking
on a new journey
not knowing what lied
around the corner for her.
In her hour of
darkness, she was brave,
and knew God would
not abandon her.
Life is never easy
for any of us,
but she had the kind of faith
that I wished Ryan and Ian had.
♪ Every hour I need thee ♪
♪ Oh bless me now my Savior ♪
♪ I come ♪
- MAN: Girls do me a favor.
Wait for me in the hall.
Don't eat all the gummy worms.
- Thank you so much.
I would nave have been able
to do this without you.
- Why am I still
worried about you?
- The girls are
going to Florida.
I'm following after.
You don't have to worry.
We will be fine.
- Florida.
- You're a great brother.
Thank you.
- Yeah, I'm something.
- Let's do this.
- I really wish you'd
tell me what came to this.
♪ Oh I need thee ♪
(PHONE BUZZING)
- What are you doing here?
- I was in the neighborhood.
Wanna take a ride with me?
- I don't think that's
a very good idea.
- It's not a good idea.
It is a great idea.
- Tracy, I think you need to go.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(PHONE BUZZING)
- Hi, this isn't Ryan.
It's his wife.
Don't ever call
Ryan again, okay?
Or else.
Who's Tracy?
- Somebody from work.
- Why is she calling
you at 11:00 p.m.?
- Probably about my work.
- Isn't it a little
bit late for that?
- Give me my phone.
Don't answer my phone again
and mind your own business.
- Well it's our driveway
so it's my business, too.
♪ You always in my heart ♪
♪ You mean so much ♪
♪ I love you ♪
- Hi.
- Hi Tracy.
- So, I know this little
place upstairs on the roof
and I thought we
could go and talk.
No one goes up there.
- Up on the roof?
I'll let you know.
- Good.
Don't keep me waiting.
- Jay, come on in.
- You left a little early.
- Thanks.
Would you like some coffee?
- Yeah.
- MAN: Yeah.
Mandy.
- Can't be easy what
you're going through,
but you'll pull through.
You're just like me.
You're special.
You're a champion.
- You sure, Doug?
- Oh yeah, the women, the ego.
Everything's gotta
get stripped away.
There's only one thing
that matters in this life.
- What's that?
- When that guy
showed up to my house
and served me with
divorce papers.
- I can't believe
she did that to you.
You deserve so much
better and you know that.
What are you doing?
Get out.
- Grace, just calm
down a second.
- Don't touch me.
Please leave.
Now.
- Nothing happened.
♪ I love you ♪
- MAN: Cheers.
- Excuse me, excuse me.
This is a private party.
Excuse me.
- MAN: Hey buddy.
- Hello.
Are you deaf, man?
Why you giving him the mic?
- Boo.
Get off the stage.
♪ Oh Danny boy ♪
♪ The pipes, the
pipes are calling ♪
♪ From glen to glen ♪
♪ And down the mountainside ♪
♪ The summer's gone ♪
♪ And all the roses falling ♪
♪ It's you, it's you must go ♪
♪ And I must bide ♪
♪ But come ye back when
summer's in the meadow ♪
♪ Oh when the valley's hushed ♪
♪ And white with snow ♪
♪ It's I'll be
here in sunshine ♪
♪ Or in shadow ♪
♪ Oh Danny boy ♪
♪ I love you so ♪
- ROSE: It was at that
low point in his life
that he realized he
could not allow himself
to sink any further.
He needed to save his
marriage and his life.
God was sending his
messages through angels
and finally his
ears began to open.
- What's the matter?
- Your friend Jay stopped by.
- Well what did he want?
- He tried to.
- He tried to what?
Wait.
Babe, what'd he?
Did he try to touch you?
- Yes.
He tried to.
No, no.
You have enough
problems to deal with.
You're not gonna do anything.
Nothing happened.
Okay?
- You sure.
- Yes.
Nothing happened.
- You're okay?
- GRACE: Yes.
- I'm sorry.
- GRACE: I'm okay.
- It's the worst territory.
- Oh they're moving
me out soon though.
Good morning, boss.
- Good morning, Pat.
Reuben.
- Good to see you, boss.
- Robert.
- Morning, boss.
- Morning.
- Good morning.
- Carina, I'll meet
you in the cafeteria.
Great.
You are playing football, right?
- Absolutely.
See you at the game, boss.
- Fantastic.
(BRIGHT MUSIC)
- Hey Tracy?
- Yeah?
- Could you give us a minute?
- TRACY: Yeah,
I'll see you later.
- Is there anything
you wanna say to me?
- JAY: What?
- Grace told me what happened.
- Nothing happened, Ryan.
- Huh, nothing happened?
Oh is that right?
You're a piece of garbage.
- Make you jealous, Ryan.
- Trying to make
me jealous, huh?
- Come on, Jay.
Walk away.
- I'll see you on the field.
- MAN: Two, three, saints.
(SOFT MUSIC)
- Alright timeout.
- JAY: Set.
Hut.
- Yeah.
- RYAN: What are
you doing out here?
- Throwing apples against trees.
- Seems a little bit strange.
You standing out here doing
that in the middle of nowhere.
- No, it's not strange at all.
You know what?
It's a great way for me to deal
with the stresses of the office.
Here try.
- Alright.
- BOSS: Nice.
- Does feel good.
- See that?
Work can be very stressful.
- You're right.
I have been under a
lot of stress lately.
I don't know if you heard,
but my mom's been
sick with cancer.
- Sorry I didn't know that.
- Yeah, thanks.
- Go home, Ryan.
Be there for your mom.
- Thanks.
Appreciate that.
(GENTLE MUSIC)
- Flat tire?
- Yeah, can you believe it?
- Aw man, that's horrible.
Can I give you a hand with that?
- Oh, that's alright.
I got it, buddy.
- Aw man, you're
dressed too nice, man.
Here let me get this.
- RYAN: You sure
you don't mind?
- Oh yes, sir.
No worries.
It'll take five
minutes at the most.
- That's awful nice of you.
Could I give you a few dollars?
- No thank you, sir.
I'm blessed already.
Thank you so much.
- I'm just gonna run
inside and wash my hands.
Thanks again.
♪ You wanna big mystery ♪
♪ Come see me ♪
- Hey buddy, where
can I wash my hands?
- Right behind there.
- Worm?
How you doing?
Literally, I just
got a flat outside.
Somebody's helping me
change the tire right now.
- WORM: Really?
- I just came in
to wash my hands.
- WORM: What's going
on in your life?
- Pretty normal stuff.
- WORM: Yeah?
- I ain't living like the Worm.
I'm married, kids,
and I'm in sales.
- How many kids you got?
- Four.
- Whoa.
I'm happy for you.
Are you happy?
- Right now I'm kind
of having a tough time.
- You know Ryan, my brother.
I always had you pegged
for being a writer.
I remember back in the old days
when we were in school
in English class,
you used to write these
fascinating stories.
Stories that most
people wouldn't believe.
I don't know if they were true,
or you were making them up,
but if I was you, I would
seriously, seriously consider
getting back into
being a writer.
You my friend
should be a writer.
- So I see you're a bit
of a spiritual person.
- How'd you know?
Yes, I am.
- My sister in-law's
big into God.
- Oh, smart girl.
- Well, sometimes
she gets a little
too preachy with everyone.
- Would you prefer that
she keep it all to herself?
- Yeah sometimes.
- Sometimes it just
comes pouring out.
- It's funny you say that.
I just ran into an old friend
I hadn't seen in about 20 years
and he says just the
slightest little thing to me
and it's like a light went off.
- What did he tell you?
- It's crazy 'cause things
haven't been going my way lately.
Facing a lot of challenges.
But through a bit of an
odd sequence of events,
he shares with me that he thinks
I should be doing some writing
and because of this one
in a million coincidence
of running into him, he
shares something with me
that well it's really
got me thinking.
- There is no coincidence, Ryan.
Coincidence is just God's
way of remaining anonymous.
- ROSE: Ryan had an epiphany.
Things suddenly
began to make sense.
God had filled his
heart and his mind
and as he took pen to hand,
he and the Almighty co-wrote
the story of his struggles
and his redemption.
- WOMAN: You look
beautiful, Rose.
- So sweet.
You're each other's strength.
We all are.
- RYAN: I'm really
scared right now.
- Don't be scared.
Don't be scared.
I don't want you to be scared.
It's a natural part of life.
I'm okay with it.
- RYAN: I'm not okay with it.
- Promise me.
Promise me that you're
going to be happy
and you're gonna take
care of your family.
I can't promise I'm gonna get
well but I know one thing.
I will never leave you.
I'll always be in
that heart of yours.
Do you believe me?
I will.
I'll stay right there,
crawling right in there.
I love you very much.
You've been a wonderful son.
I'm proud of you.
Give me a hug.
I need a hug.
That's my boy.
That's my son.
I love you.
I'm proud of you.
- Love you.
- ROSE: Love you.
- IAN: Could you stay
a little bit longer?
Please.
- ROSE: I hope so.
At that moment, Ian seemed more
and more distant at
every passing moment.
His words could no
longer reach my ears
and I suddenly felt I was
in the presence of angels.
I knew my mom and dad
were now near to me.
I could feel them, sense
them, remember them.
Almost touch them.
They were waiting
to take my hand.
- She's gone.
I'm sorry.
Gladys, she's gone.
Rose is gone.
- She can finally rest now.
She's at peace.
- Thanks.
I thought she was gonna be
here a little bit longer.
Just a little.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
- ROSE: Thank you, sweetie,
for how you cared for me.
You looked at me as
your inspiration,
but you were actually mine.
You showed me that no
matter how bleak things are,
God never leaves our side.
- I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
- It'll be okay.
God has a plan for all of us.
Just have faith.
♪ Ave Maria ♪
♪ Gratia plena ♪
♪ Maria gratia ♪
- MAN: Is there anyone that
would like to say something?
♪ Maria gratia plena ♪
♪ Ave ♪
- So I guess this is the
end of the road for mom.
For some that may be true.
But in honor of her
I stand here today
in disagreement with that idea.
It is through her
example of love and life
that I have been blessed
with the understanding
of what matters most.
You see mom was a
person of faith.
With faith comes hope.
If you don't have
hope in this life,
well then you can
never truly be happy.
So the past year has been,
well it's been a living hell.
My own kids became
strangers to me.
I watched my wife
drift away from me.
I lost that powerful
position at my job.
A position that I
allowed to become
the very thing that defined me.
I arrived at a place in my life
that had become
meaningless or hopeless,
but then one night God
started weaving together
a sequence of events
that would lead me
to an understanding of
what I needed to do.
You see, even though
I thought I was lost,
God was with me the whole
time weaving together a fabric
that would lead me to a place
where I knew what I had to do.
And I did it.
So thanks to mom, to you Dad.
To my wife, Grace.
My beautiful kids.
My friends, my family.
I know in my heart
that this isn't the end
and it isn't the
end for my mother.
I imagine that
somewhere she's running
through a field right now.
And I say that she's running
because now she has
been made perfect.
She's been healed.
Maybe she's sitting with her mom
telling her stories about
her beautiful grandkids
or the 60 wonderful years
she spent with her husband.
It's true, Dad.
Mom could be up in
heaven right now
saying nothing but
nice things about you.
And we actually all have
the chance to go there, too,
but there's more for
us to do here first
because God has a plan and a
purpose for all of our lives.
For you too, Dad, to be more
of a blessing to
your grandchildren.
So don't give up, okay,
just because mom's gone.
We need you now more than ever.
And I wanna thank
you for showing me
how to be a better
father and a husband.
There's so much
more to this life.
It all connects.
There's no coincidence.
It's like a tapestry.
Like when you and mom, Dad,
went to that dance hall
so many years ago.
So many other places you
could've gone that night,
but it was meant to be.
And I believe you and mom
are gonna be together again.
One day.
This isn't the end.
It's just the beginning.
Miss you.
Love you a lot.
- Knock, knock.
Can I have your autograph?
- Where did you get that?
- JAY: Bobby gave it to me.
- He shouldn't have done that.
- If you really wrote this,
you know you have
to have forgiveness.
- I don't have to
have anything, Jay.
- I'm sorry, bro.
- So what?
In your mind this is the moment
where I turn the other cheek?
- Look, I was wrong alright.
I was dealing with
my own problems
and I mistook kindness
for something else.
It's no excuse but I am sorry.
- You mean that?
- I do.
This spoke to me.
- Hey Jay.
- What's up?
- So you know I've
forgiven you already,
but it doesn't mean I'm
gonna be inviting you over
for steaks any time soon.
- Be good, Ryan.
- Hey.
- About the other night.
- Yeah.
About the other night.
- This is never gonna happen.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
That's it?
- Yeah.
Really.
(SOFT MUSIC)
By the way, thanks
for all the prayers.
You were right.
- Thanks.
I knew you'd come around.
- ROSE: Ryan found the Lord,
but inside there
was still emptiness
as he worried about his dad
who was now even more distant
from God after losing
the love of his life,
but miracles do happen.
As my husband
entered that church,
I don't know if I
was more proud of Ian
for the huge step he was taking
or of Ryan for leading
his dad back to God.
- Ryan.
- Hey Pop.
- Hey son, I really like what
you said at Mom's funeral,
especially being a blessing
for the grandchildren,
and for me to find
a little more faith.
Thank you, son.
(SOFT MUSIC)
- Merry Christmas, Grandpa.
- Merry Christmas, Pop.
- Merry Christmas.
♪ My only wish as a
boy was to be a man ♪
- I haven't kissed
so many people.
♪ I heard that some day
I would understand ♪
♪ Here's the past
and here I am ♪
♪ All grown up wishing
I could be a boy again ♪
♪ And try to find
life in the shadows ♪
♪ And try to find the
heart in the scarecrow ♪
story that I can tell ♪
♪ Try to find a dream
in a wishing well ♪
♪ Hey man how's it going ♪
♪ I can see it's
okay I suppose ♪
♪ I'm not sure anymore ♪
♪ It's okay I suppose ♪
- Mary.
Mary.
Mary, I can't figure
this thing out.
Mary.
- Turn this dial.
You see that little arrow?
Just turn it right there.
- Just turn it?
- Yeah.
♪ Sometimes my feet are aching ♪
♪ Sometimes my
legs are shaking ♪
- Okay gang, you ready?
Call it.
- GROUP: Three,
two, one, blast off.
♪ Have I come too
far to turn around ♪
- Told you it would work.
♪ Hey man how's it going ♪
- ROSE: My son had clearly
become the strength
of this family.
I could find comfort
as I departed
knowing he would be the leader
that they all needed him to be.
(SOFT MUSIC)
♪ Down below there is a
room inside our heart ♪
♪ A place that we can go ♪
- ROSE: Hope and
faith are great things.
Ryan and lan's
lives would continue
bathed in these two wonderful
gifts from our Lord.
As for me, I was headed
to far off places.
I felt a sense of
comfort and love
like I had never felt before.
I was moving towards something
greater than anything
any of us could ever fathom.
I was wrapped in
a blanket of love
and the holder was God himself.
I was home.
♪ There is only one voice ♪
♪ Whispering in our ear ♪
♪ There is only one place ♪
♪ Already here ♪
♪ There is only word ♪
♪ It's the word
you're thinking of ♪
♪ When they say that
I drive too slow ♪
♪ There's a secret here ♪
♪ There's something
they don't know ♪
♪ While I'm here I got
nowhere else to go ♪
♪ Home ♪
♪ There is only one voice ♪
♪ Whispering in our ear ♪
♪ There is only one place ♪
♪ Already here ♪
♪ There is only one word ♪
♪ It's the word
you're thinking of ♪
♪ Amazing grace ♪
♪ How sweet the sound ♪
♪ A sinner's prayer is heard
while falling to the ground ♪
♪ I once was lost ♪
♪ But now I'm found ♪
♪ Home ♪
♪ There is only one voice ♪
♪ Whispering in our ear ♪
♪ There is only one place ♪
♪ Already here ♪
♪ There is only one word ♪
♪ It's the word
you're thinking of ♪
♪ There is only one voice ♪
♪ Whispering in our ear ♪
♪ There is only one place ♪
♪ We're already here ♪
♪ There is only one word ♪
♪ It's the word
you're thinking of ♪
♪ I'm not feeling up
to par this morning ♪
♪ I had to pray last
night to get to sleep ♪
♪ And when I finally did I
had a dream of a dead friend ♪
♪ Who seemed to be
doing fine to me ♪
♪ You lead the way ♪
♪ I'll be behind ♪
♪ I won't think of ♪
♪ What I'll find ♪
♪ I'm walking in ♪
♪ With my eyes closed ♪
♪ Only God in heaven knows ♪
♪ I'm always feeling
better every morning ♪
♪ I can't believe how
I once knew life ♪
♪ You'll see me when
your time is come ♪
♪ To finally know what love is ♪
♪ You'll see me when
you are too alive ♪
♪ You lead the way ♪
♪ I'll be behind ♪
♪ I won't think of ♪
♪ What I'll find ♪
♪ I'm walking in ♪
♪ With my eyes closed ♪
♪ Only God in heaven knows ♪
♪ After all I'm only dreaming ♪
♪ Can't be real
but who's to say ♪
♪ Anyway ♪
♪ I think that he came
to me to tell me ♪
♪ All is well and
it will always be ♪
♪ But as long as you are
living on this earth ♪
♪ And just remember ♪
♪ Sometimes I think
you're luckier than me ♪
♪ You lead the way ♪
♪ I'll be behind ♪
♪ I won't think of ♪
♪ What I'll find ♪
♪ I'm walking in with.... ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org